Fix broken link (#1)
soramitsu/iroha-katacoda: iroha-transfer-asset/step3.md

This next snippet defines a list of commands that will be wrapped into a transaction and sent to Iroha. 
With `AddAssetQuantity` command Alice will issue a certain amount of the asset `coin#test`. 

> You can wrap other commands into transactions - full list of commands and queries can be found in [Iroha docs](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/master/api/index.html). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can wrap other commands into transactions - full list of commands and queries can be found in [Iroha docs](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/1.0.0/api/index.html). 
```
